v6.0.1: Final round of patches (#1751)
tgstation/tgstation-server: README.md

In order for TGS to use [OpenDream](https://github.com/OpenDreamProject/OpenDream), it requires the full .NET SDK to build whichever version your servers target. Whatever that is, it must be available using the `dotnet` command for whichever user runs TGS.

> OpenDream currently requires [.NET SDK 8.0](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/8.0) at the time of this writing. You must install this manually apart from TGS (i.e. using your package manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenDream currently requires [.NET SDK 8.0](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/8.0) at the time of this writing. You must install this manually outside of TGS (i.e. using your package manager).
```
